Ukraine condemns Russia's 'humiliating death' tweet after prison attack
There is no difference between Russian diplomats calling for execution of Ukrainian prisoners of war and Russian troops doing it 
They are all accomplices in these war crimes and must be held accountable.
Fighters evacuated from Mariupol steelworks arrive in Russian-held town
Joe Biden tests positive for Covid after 'rebound' infection
The 79-year-old first contracted the virus on 21 July, when he was revealed to be experiencing mild symptoms.
US President Joe Biden has tested positive for Covid-19 again, in what has been described as a "rebound" infection by his doctor.
Darwin Nunez sealed games victory as Liverpool landed the first blow of the season on champions Manchester City by win Community 
Reds full-back Trent Alexander-Arnold scored the opening goal with a curling effort from the edge of the box which took
England's Lionesses stand games women's football history as they take on Germany in the football Championship final at 
in the way again are Germany, who have won the competition eight times. They beat England 6-2 in the final of football 
In the space of 24 hours in Hungary this weekend, Formula 1 racing game turned upside down.
Mercedes racing gamewere ahead of the qualifying kings of 2022, Ferrari. And world championship leader Max Verstappen's Red Bull 
England won women's team gymnastics gold medal at the Commonwealth Games by edging out Australia in a tense final.
A games Labour deputy leader of Newcastle City Council has been found guilty of Islamophobia and suspended from the party for a 
Joyce McCarty faced a probe into claims she made in a text message of a "Muslim plot", which ousted her ally and former leader 
n February, Mr Forbes was defeated in the contest for his Arthur's Hill ward when Labour members voted by 13 to four in favour of 
The number of hospital patients testing positive for Covid also declined over the past week but deaths increased on last week.
A total of 15,274 people in Scotland have died with Covid since the outbreak began in March 2020.
Last week, the World Health Organization (WHO) declared the monkeypox outbreak a global health emergency.
The health ministry said that of 3,750 monkeypox patients with available information, 120 or 3.2% had been hospitalised.
According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, there are 21,148 cases worldwide.
WHO declares highest alert over outbreak
Foreign Office 'regrets' Afghanistan Nowzad animal charity row
In response to the cross-party committee's accusation that its evidence had been "intentionally evasive, and often deliberately 
Ukraine ready for first grain ship in Russia deal
Earlier, President Zelensky joined ambassadors from the G7 industrialised nations on the Black Sea coast, standing in front of 
Afghanistan's Taliban forces have clashed with Iranian border guards on the frontier between the two countries.
The Taliban say one of their soldiers was killed in Sunday's fighting, which occurred in the border area between Afghanistan's 
There have been several clashes at the border since Taliban militants took over Afghanistan a year ago.
The family scheme allows Ukrainian nationals and their relatives to join other family already living in the UK, while the 
Once in the UK, Ukrainians have the right to work, and to access benefits, education and healthcare.
The government is providing £10,500 per person involved in the sponsorship scheme to councils to help them provide support.
From now on, applications from children not travelling with a parent or guardian will also be considered for visas, provided they 
The UK's Brexit divorce bill from leaving the EU could rise to £42.5bn, potentially adding billions to payments, the government 
Treasury minister Simon Clarke said inflation meant the bill could be up to £7.5bn higher than initially estimated.
The UK struck a deal to pay the EU for outstanding spending commitments after leaving the bloc in January 2020.
Originally, the government estimated the bill, which covers spending commitments made during the UK's membership of the EU, would 
The Brexit divorce bill - agreed to by Prime Minister Boris Johnson's government - covered pension contributions for EU staff, as 
Meanwhile, the EU will pay back money the UK committed to the European Investment Bank (just over £3bn) and the European Central 
In July 2021, Mr Johnson's government rejected an EU estimate of a £40.8bn total bill.
Downing Street insisted the bill stood between £35-39bn, and the Treasury put the latest overall net estimate of the financial 
The financial deal was negotiated by former Prime Minister Theresa May as part of the withdrawal agreement for the UK's departure 
Her successor Mr Johnson sought to renegotiate parts of the agreement but did not change the financial aspect, despite at one 
The withdrawal agreement - along with the financial settlement - became law in January 2020.
The PM wants to change the Northern Ireland Protocol to make it easier for some goods to move between Britain and Northern  
But the EU is against the move, saying it would break international law.
The UK insists its proposals - to be set out in a parliamentary bill - are legal and will secure the future of the United 
The two sides agreed the protocol as they strived to maintain peace in Ireland - including the open Irish border - following 
Irish Prime Minister Micheál Martin has called for negotiations between the UK and EU to deal with the impasse.
He described the UK government's decision to change the protocol as a "low point", which was "very regrettable.
The Republic of Ireland is still part of the ukraine single market for goods and services, which the UK has left.
There's been a long build up to this legislation which will, this week, generate a lot of noise.
Originally only healthy people aged over 65 were expected to be offered another jab, but the programme has been expanded in 
You were able to book an appointment online three months (91 days) after your previous dose, although the NHS recommended a six-
People who have a severely weakened immune system were offered an additional third primary dose before a booster.
According to the latest figures, 93% of all people aged 12 or over in the UK have had a first dose of the Covid vaccine, 88% a 
However, in July, a report from an influential committee of MPs warned that take-up is much lower for some important groups, 
You should wait four weeks after a positive test, even if you had no symptoms.
Under-18s who aren't at higher risk from Covid should wait 12 weeks.
You shouldn't have the booster if you have a severe illness or high fever. However, Pfizer and Moderna say you don't need to 
The vaccines don't infect you with Covid and can't cause positive results on a Covid test.
All five to 11-year-olds in the UK can have two doses of a reduced-strength Covid vaccine, 12 weeks apart.
Drug companies have been updating their vaccines to tackle newer Covid variants, but it's not yet clear which will be used for 
First and second doses are either AstraZeneca or (for under-40s) Pfizer or Moderna.
So far, boosters have been a single dose of either Pfizer or Moderna - regardless of which vaccine you received previously.
However, if you cannot have Pfizer or Moderna for medical reasons, you can have a booster dose of AstraZeneca.
Two other vaccines have also been approved for use in the UK - Janssen and Novavax, but these haven't been given to UK patients.
The most common side effects include a sore arm, headache, chills, fatigue and nausea.
They are part of the body's normal immune response to vaccines and tend to resolve within a day or two.
There are extremely rare, but occasionally fatal, cases of people developing blood clots after taking the AstraZeneca vaccine.
A very small number of people have experienced a severe allergic reaction after the Pfizer vaccine.
You should discuss any existing serious allergies with your healthcare professional before being vaccinated.
Almost one million people in a suburb of Wuhan - China's central city where the coronavirus was first recorded - have been placed 
Jiangxia district residents have been ordered to stay inside their homes or compounds for three days after four asymptomatic 
China follows a "zero Covid" strategy, including mass testing, strict isolation rules and local lockdowns.
This has resulted in far fewer deaths than in many other countries.
But the strategy is facing growing opposition as people and businesses continue to face the strain of restrictions.
In Wuhan, a city of 12 million people, regular testing uncovered two asymptomatic cases two days ago.
Two more cases were found through contact tracing, and shortly after the lockdown order was issued.
Wuhan became known around the world in early 2020 as the first place scientists detected the new coronavirus - and the first city 
At the time, the wider world was shocked by the strict lockdown, but many cities and countries were soon forced to impose their 
Later, China became known as a Covid success story, with restrictions lifted much earlier than in many other countries.
But that has changed again, with China pursuing a "zero Covid" strategy resulting in frequent local lockdowns, rather than trying 
Adam Peaty suffers shock Commonwealth Games defeat as team-mate James Wilby wins 100m breaststroke
Peaty, 27 insisted that he still intends to defend his Olympic title in Paris in two years' time despite his first 100m medal
Wales' 19-year-old Medi Harris showed her potential with bronze medal in a high-class 100m backstroke won by Australian Olympic 
South Africa's Tatjana Schoenmaker won 200m breaststroke gold with England's Molly Renshaw just outside the medals in fourth.
The 28-year's collection of Commonwealth gold medal now surpasses fellow Australian swimmers Ian Thorpe, Susie O'Neill and Leisel 
The first part of the Formula 1 racing game season ended with a gripping race in Hungary that both summed up the championship so 
Max Verstappen took his eighth win in 13 racing this year with a consummate drive from 10th on the grid.
Ferrari race cars converted second and third places on the grid into fourth and sixth at the flag and put their title contender 
Red Bull cars stopped him early to ensure he got ahead of Lewis Hamilton's Mercedes cars medal ahead of him
"We expected them to be strong today, I think the temperature maybe affected them quite a bit. They boxed themselves into a 
Horner said there was "still a lot of racing to do" this season, but he was kidding no one. A second title is now within 
By just after half distance, though, he was within a second of Sainz - and just over seven off Leclerc in the lead - when Red 
Pre-race, there was a series of events that summed up one of the key differences between Red Bull and Ferrari this season.
In Ferrari's defence, Red Bull were also considering the hard tyre in the race. In fact, they had originally planned to start on 
But when Max Verstappen and team-mate Sergio Perez struggled for grip even on soft tyres on the reconnaissance laps to the grid, they 
Max Verstappen said his most optimistic hopes pre-race had been for a podium.
"We wanted races to start on the hard," he said, "but after the reconnaissance laps we were like: 'We are not doing that, we go o
It has been a bad July for Ferrari cars. It began with hope that, after a dire run in May and June, they might be able to salvage the 




